Add CMW collections and media types (#42)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap: draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap.md

   03                                 # unsigned(3)
~~~

# CMW Collections {#cmw-coll}

Composite and layered attesters produce evidence made of multiple evidence "bits".

For example, in data centre servers, it is not uncommon for separate attesting environments (AE) to serve a subsection of the entire machine.
One AE measures and attests to what was booted on the main CPU, another AE measures and attests to what was booted on a SmartNIC plugged into a PCIe slot, and a third one measures and attests to what was booted on the machine's GPU.

To address the composite attester use case, this document defines a CMW "collection" as a container that aggregates several CMW evidence "bits," each with its unique name.

The CMW collection ({{fig-cddl-collection}}) is defined as a CBOR map or JSON object with CMW values.

> The keys can be strings or integers, representing a unique label that identifies an evidence "bit" within the composite evidence.

Author: I am not sure

> _"[b]ut each conceptual message is processed independently."_

is always valid.  For example, in a CCA collection the two CMWs are chained and one (the realm) can't be processed independently from the other (the platform).

> The keys can be strings or integers, representing a unique label that identifies an evidence "bit" within the composite evidence.

Reviewer: Are you saying the reference values for the realm can be used to appraise the platform and vise versa?

> The keys can be strings or integers, representing a unique label that identifies an evidence "bit" within the composite evidence.

Author: What I mean is that in CCA, the two processes are interrelated. Specifically, you can't start evaluating the realm part until you've ensured that the delegated key's attestation (which is included in the platform part) is good.

~~~ cddl
{::include cddl/cmw-collection.cddl}
~~~
{: #fig-cddl-collection artwork-align="left"
   title="CDDL definition of the CMW collection format"}

> Although initially designed for the composite attester use case, the CMW collection can be repurposed for other use cases requiring CMW aggregation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although initially designed for the composite attester use case,
the CMW collection can be repurposed for other use cases such as CMW aggregation.
CMW aggregation might be used by a lead Attester to bundle Evidence obtained from multiple
Attesters that rely on a lead Attester for connectivity to a remote Verifier.
```

Author: hmm, L342-343 seem to be restating the composite attester use case, which is already explained in L324-329.

Reviewer: Maybe try rewording L324-329 to be more succinct and less colloquial?

   03                                 # unsigned(3)
~~~

# CMW Collections {#cmw-coll}

> Composite and layered attesters produce evidence made of multiple evidence "bits".

Reviewer: I don't especially like the colloquialism.

Author: see [ac1bfe3](https://github.com/ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap/pull/42/commits/ac1bfe37b332e70249093b959ff8dc34a153a520)

| 3 | Attestation Results | {{&SELF}} |
{: #tab-ind-regs title="CMW Indicators Registry Initial Contents"}

## Media Types

> IANA is requested to add the following media types to the "Media Types" registry {{!IANA.media-types}}.

Reviewer: Is there a media type for anything that a tagged CBOR (i.e., its a CBOR tags registered tag)? 
e.g.: "application/tagged+cbor"

Author: no
